# Foam

👋 Welcome to your new Foam Eleventy Workspace!

## Getting started

This documentation assumes that you have a GitHub account and have [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) installed on your Linux/MacOS/Windows machine.

If you haven't yet, browse over to the main [Foam documentation workspace](https://foambubble.github.io/foam) to get an idea of what Foam is and how to use it.

After setting up the repository, open [.vscode/settings.json](.vscode/settings.json) and edit, add or remove any settings you'd like for your Foam workspace.

If you want to learn more about what you can do with **Foam**, head over to the [Recipes](https://foambubble.github.io/foam/recipes) section of the Foam site. 

## Using foam

We've created a few Bubbles (markdown documents) to get you started.

- [[inbox]] - a place to write down quick notes to be categorised later.
- [[foam-tips]] - tips to get the most out of your Foam workspace.
- [[todo]] - a place to keep track of things to do.
- [[about]] - a place to put a description about this Foam when published.

## Publishing your foam

When you're ready to publish, import the GitHub repository of this workspace into your Netlify account. (Create one if you don't have it already.)

Once that's done, all you have to do is make changes to your workspace in VSCode and push them to the main branch on GitHub. Netlify will recognize the changes, deploy them automatically and give you a link where your Foam is published.

That's it!

You can now see it online and use that link to share it with your friends, so that they can see it too.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[inbox]: bubbles/inbox "Inbox"
[foam-tips]: bubbles/foam-tips "Foam tips"
[todo]: bubbles/todo "Todo"
[about]: bubbles/about "About this site"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
